2778 docs (#255)
antgamdia/kubeapps: docs/step-by-step/kubeapps-on-tkg/step-2.md

kubectl apply -f kubeapps-rbac.yaml
```

At this point, the user having `EMAIL-ADDRESS` email account will have `cluster-admin` access and will be able to perform any desired action via the Kubeapps dashboard.

### Step 2.5: Log in to Kubeapps with OIDC

Once Kubeapps is installed and configured, the next step is to log in and access the Kubeapps Web dashboard. The procedure to do this depends on how Kubeapps was configured.

1. If [the service was exposed externally](https://github.com/kubeapps/kubeapps/tree/master/chart/kubeapps#exposing-externally), it may be accessed using a public IP address; if not, it can be accessed locally by forwarding the cluster port using the command below:

    ```bash
    kubectl port-forward -n kubeapps svc/kubeapps 8080:80
    ```

    This will start an HTTP proxy for secure access to the Kubeapps dashboard.

2. Browse to [http://127.0.0.1:8080](http://127.0.0.1:8080) (when forwarding the port) or to the public IP address of the serevice (when exposing the service externally). You see the Kubeapps login page, as shown below:

    ![OIDC login page](./img/login-oidc-initial.png)

> 3. Click the _Login_ button. You are redirected to the OIDC provider (in this example, th eVMware Cloud Services Portal).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click the _Login_ button. You are redirected to the OIDC provider (in this example, the VMware Cloud Services Portal).
```
